docs: rework md book (#215)
quay/claircore: docs/reference/ecosystem.md

# Ecosystem

> An Ecosystem groups togethers scanners and coalescers which are often used together.
> Ecosystems are usually defined in the package manager go package such as Dpkg. 
> See /dpkg/ecosystem.go for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Ecosystem groups together scanners and coalescers which are often used together.
Ecosystems are usually defined in a go package that corresponds to a package manager, such as `dpkg`. 
See `dpkg/ecosystem.go` for an example.
```

> The Indexer will retrieve artifacts from the databse scanned by the provided scanners and provide these scan artifacts to the coalescer in the Ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Indexer will retrieve artifacts from the provided scanners and provide these scan artifacts to the coalescer in the Ecosystem.
```

```go
package indexer
// Ecosystems group together scanners and a Coalescer which are commonly used together.
//

> // A typical ecosystem is "DPKG" which will use the DPKG package indexer, the "OS-Release"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// A typical ecosystem is "dpkg" which will use the dpkg package indexer, the "os-release"
```
